README.md, before:

# Add search engine to Firefox
Add manualy additional search engines to Firefox on desktop and mobile. 

Supported Search Engines: 

1. Startpage - Startpage (Android), Startpage (Desktop)


# Add Startpage to Firefox on Android 
Copied from: https://support.startpage.com/hc/en-us/articles/4520868432788-Make-Startpage-your-default-search-engine-on-Firefox-mobile-Android
Make Startpage your default search engine on Firefox mobile (Android)

1. Tap the three vertical dots next to the URL bar.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8fed325-6433-4273-aaba-5ce6de46b1bb" />

2.  Tap Settings.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08c3d385-a396-4867-8790-4898433b9f7b" />

3.  Tap Search.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ce450ef-c7a2-4474-99be-08aee8f09d3e" />

4.  Tap Add search engine.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d577d0be-e342-4ac7-b2b7-1eccd1fc81ec" />

5.  Tap Other and fill in the two fields and tap the check mark:

Data to fill:

Name: Startpage

Search string to use: https://www.startpage.com/sp/search?q=%s

Search suggestion URL (optional): https://www.startpage.com/osuggestions?q=%s

<img width="480" height="835" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f26d94d5-8e06-41ce-b26a-7b44a2f04c62" />

6.  Tap Startpage.
<img width="600" height="780" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0fdc573-f120-478d-8fff-15ea0525ce63" />

# Add Startpage to Firefox on Desktop
## Firefox extension method
[Guide on Startpage site](https://support.startpage.com/hc/en-us/articles/4480404660628-Make-Startpage-your-default-search-engine-in-Firefox)

## Fast method
1. Go to https://www.startpage.com.
2. Right-click on Startpage link, and press on Add "Startpage Search".
<img width="503" height="349" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cc21c28-94c3-4f0a-83f3-e0beedc56bb6" />

3. Press the three vertical bars next to the URL bar.
<img width="1378" height="1129" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b6505a7-6829-44a0-9fbc-50cd58f93789" />

4. Press Settings.
<img width="1283" height="1045" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62a645c2-ef0f-4a61-9561-1fe68cda0daf" />

5. Press Search.
<img width="1284" height="1047" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72c7569c-da6c-419c-8d88-d247309d5ce5" />

6. Press on default search engine and choose Startpage as default search engine.
<img width="249" height="353" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93eff715-eeb3-4605-9e00-ba8264e8d29d" />

## Manual method (for some search engines)
1. Press the three vertical bars next to the URL bar.
<img width="1378" height="1129" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b6505a7-6829-44a0-9fbc-50cd58f93789" />

2. Press Settings.
<img width="1283" height="1045" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62a645c2-ef0f-4a61-9561-1fe68cda0daf" />

3. Press Search.
<img width="1284" height="1047" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72c7569c-da6c-419c-8d88-d247309d5ce5" />

4. Scroll down to bottom of page and press Add.
<img width="1284" height="1046" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44040c39-077f-4557-8e75-d3f22a5be515" />

5. Fill in data in two fields and press Add Engine.

Search engine name: Startpage

URL with %s in place of search term: https://www.startpage.com/sp/search?q=%s

<img width="600" height="424" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ccfded4-675f-4274-ac09-8fdf5d122668" />

6. Scroll up to top of page, press on default search engine and choose Startpage as default search engine.
<img width="249" height="353" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93eff715-eeb3-4605-9e00-ba8264e8d29d" />

Commit message:

Add link to actual version of Startpage instructions
Updated the instructions to include a link for the latest version.

README.md, after:

# Add search engine to Firefox
Add manualy additional search engines to Firefox on desktop and mobile. 

Supported Search Engines: 

1. Startpage - Startpage (Android), Startpage (Desktop)


# Add Startpage to Firefox on Android 
Make Startpage your default search engine on Firefox mobile (Android)

Copied from: https://support.startpage.com/hc/en-us/articles/4520868432788-Make-Startpage-your-default-search-engine-on-Firefox-mobile-Android go to this website for more actual version


1. Tap the three vertical dots next to the URL bar.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8fed325-6433-4273-aaba-5ce6de46b1bb" />

2.  Tap Settings.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08c3d385-a396-4867-8790-4898433b9f7b" />

3.  Tap Search.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ce450ef-c7a2-4474-99be-08aee8f09d3e" />

4.  Tap Add search engine.
<img width="480" height="2340" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d577d0be-e342-4ac7-b2b7-1eccd1fc81ec" />

5.  Tap Other and fill in the two fields and tap the check mark:

Data to fill:

Name: Startpage

Search string to use: https://www.startpage.com/sp/search?q=%s

Search suggestion URL (optional): https://www.startpage.com/osuggestions?q=%s

<img width="480" height="835" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f26d94d5-8e06-41ce-b26a-7b44a2f04c62" />

6.  Tap Startpage.
<img width="600" height="780" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0fdc573-f120-478d-8fff-15ea0525ce63" />

# Add Startpage to Firefox on Desktop
## Firefox extension method
[Guide on Startpage site](https://support.startpage.com/hc/en-us/articles/4480404660628-Make-Startpage-your-default-search-engine-in-Firefox)

## Fast method
1. Go to https://www.startpage.com.
2. Right-click on Startpage link, and press on Add "Startpage Search".
<img width="503" height="349" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cc21c28-94c3-4f0a-83f3-e0beedc56bb6" />

3. Press the three vertical bars next to the URL bar.
<img width="1378" height="1129" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b6505a7-6829-44a0-9fbc-50cd58f93789" />

4. Press Settings.
<img width="1283" height="1045" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62a645c2-ef0f-4a61-9561-1fe68cda0daf" />

5. Press Search.
<img width="1284" height="1047" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72c7569c-da6c-419c-8d88-d247309d5ce5" />

6. Press on default search engine and choose Startpage as default search engine.
<img width="249" height="353" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93eff715-eeb3-4605-9e00-ba8264e8d29d" />

## Manual method (for some search engines)
1. Press the three vertical bars next to the URL bar.
<img width="1378" height="1129" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b6505a7-6829-44a0-9fbc-50cd58f93789" />

2. Press Settings.
<img width="1283" height="1045" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62a645c2-ef0f-4a61-9561-1fe68cda0daf" />

3. Press Search.
<img width="1284" height="1047" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72c7569c-da6c-419c-8d88-d247309d5ce5" />

4. Scroll down to bottom of page and press Add.
<img width="1284" height="1046" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44040c39-077f-4557-8e75-d3f22a5be515" />

5. Fill in data in two fields and press Add Engine.

Search engine name: Startpage

URL with %s in place of search term: https://www.startpage.com/sp/search?q=%s

<img width="600" height="424" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ccfded4-675f-4274-ac09-8fdf5d122668" />

6. Scroll up to top of page, press on default search engine and choose Startpage as default search engine.
<img width="249" height="353" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93eff715-eeb3-4605-9e00-ba8264e8d29d" />
